(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
So who are you?
Declan Akaba.
The current president
of Leo Corporation.
Leo Akaba's son.
It's time to take
you down, Declan!
Your despicable
father has Lulu,
and I'll do anything and
everything to get her back.
And that includes
using you as bait!
If you do exactly
what I ask,
and if you do
it successfully,
then I'll agree to
be your opponent.
And if by some
chance you win,
you may do whatever
you like with me.
If you are able
to defeat the man
who has been your
loyal protector,
you will prevent him
from entering the Junior
Arc League Championship.
I have forbidden
your cheering section
from attending this
crucial match
to see if you
can win on your own.
I give you
Sensei Strong.
Earn your way into the Junior
Arc League Championship
using our unbeatable,
Heavystrong style!
(both)
Duel!
Watch this,
Daddy!
I summon the Tuner Monster
Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter!
I can't
believe it!
He's Synchro Summoning!
(gasping)
I Synchro Summon
my Level 10
Superheavy Samurai
Warlord Susanowo!
This is when the real
battle begins between us
and your dream ends.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
I can't believe
Gong Synchro Summoned.
Gong's sure working
his dojo mojo!
(Zuzu)
Yuya...
Gong ain't playing
around.
Gong's gonna do whatever
it takes to win this duel.
And believe me,
Gong will.
(Sensei Strong)
Stop right there!
I do so declare that my son Gong
has just lost this match.
(Zuzu)
But they're just
getting started.
(all)
Why did he lose?
A heart that remains
strong and steady
is the foundation of
the Heavystrong style.
You lost the moment
you stole a technique
from another school
in order to win.
Gong didn't steal
no Synchro technique.
Gong begged 'em to
teach it to me.
Who did you beg?
Who taught you?
(Gong)
Who else?
Kit Blade.
(Yuya)
The Synchro Summoner from
the Leo Institute.
But he's the guy
who almost beat you.
And that's exactly why
Gong wanted to learn
everything Gong could
about how Kit almost did it.
So Gong swallowed
his pride.
But Gong didn't wanna
learn to Synchro Summon
so Gong could win
duels with it.
Gong learned it
so Gong could create
a whole New Heavystrong
Duel style.
A new kind of
Heavystrong Duel style?
We can't just stand
still, Daddy.
Why, our Heavystrong Duel
style's gotta keep changin'
and growin' an'
evolvin'
or else it's gonna die
out like the dinosaurs.
Let Gong try to prove it
to you in this one battle
and then you can make
up your mind.
Superheavy Samurai
Warlord Susanowo's
allowed to attack
while it's in defense mode
by usin' its defense
points.
Now let's show 'em
what we got, Susanowo.
Attack Performapal
Silver Claw.
Swinging Sword Slash!
I activate Evasion
to evade your attack.
Oh, yeah?!
Well, we'll see
about that.
Since Susanowo
is in defense mode
and I have no spell cards
in my graveyard.
Then Gong pays
500 life points
to use a spell card
from your graveyard!
Gong activates
the Action Spell, Over Sword!
It gives my Susanowo 500
more attack points.
Hold on, even if Gong
raises its attack points,
Susanowo's attacking
with defense points.
Gong's doing this
because Over Sword
has another effect he
wants, believe me.
Sorry pal, but you're not
avoidin' Susanowo's attack
'cause Over Sword's
not gonna let you.
I think that
oughta do for now.
Bravissimo.
Your son made a
marvelous mash‐up
using the power of an Action
Card with his Synchro Monster.
It's a quantum leap
beyond the classic
Heavystrong style,
wouldn't you say?
(Yuya)
I gotta hand it to you,
Gong, that was great.
You really mastered
Synchro Summoning.
You're a real
inspiration.
So I'm gonna
step up my game.
Time to swing this
duel my way!
You're a real
inspiration.
So I'm gonna
step up my game.
Time to swing this
duel my way.
(Yuya)
Stargazer Magician.
The last time you took
center stage,
I was able to
fuse you with Odd‐Eyes
to call out an all
new cast member,
Rune‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon.
But wait.
I was only able
to Pendulum Fusion
because I had Zuzu's
Polymerization.
And now I don't.
There's gotta be another
way for me to max out
my Pendulum power
without Polymerization.
I know my deck won't
let me down.
It's showtime!
I'll use Scale 2
Performapal Camelump
and Scale 6
Performapal Lizardraw
to set the Pendulum
Scale.
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Make some magic
Stargazer Magician.
Scratch your way to victory
Performapal Silver Claw!
You did it, Yuya,
you Pendulum Summoned!
Goosepickels!
Why's Yuya got Stargazer and
Silver Claw in defense mode?
I don't know.
Gong's Susanowo has
3800 defense points.
And Yuya knows he doesn't have
a monster that can destroy it.
So that must be why he summoned
them both in defense mode.
It's a no‐brainer.
It's making the best
of a bad situation.
The trouble is Yuya
can't win that way.
(Yuya)
My best chance of beating
Gong is to summon Rune‐Eyes,
but I have to find a
new way to summon it
because I don't have
Polymerization.
I end my turn.
(Tate)
He made his defense stronger
but that's not enough.
(Zuzu)
This is awful.
Maybe Yuya should have
held on to this.
It won't work.
Your defense ain't
strong enough
to shut Gong down and
you're about to see why.
My turn!
Draw!
First, Gong's summonin'
Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer.
Gong equips it on Superheavy
Samurai Warlord Susanowo.
When Susanowo attacks
your monster,
you still take damage even if
your monster is in defense mode.
Aw, no way.
Do it,
Susanowo!
Attack Silver Claw.
Gong's Susanowo's
got 3800 points.
Silver Claw's got
700 defense points.
Which means Yuya takes
3100 points of damage!
But he's only got
2000 life points left!
Soulpiercer, fire!
I activate the Action
Spell Miracle!
It protects my Silver Claw and
cuts the damage I take in half.
You're more stubborn
than a mule, buddy.
Yuya was lucky that time
but his luck's running out.
He only has 450
life points left.
I think it might be
curtains for Yuya,
unless he's able to sweeten
his hand with this next draw.
Wow, you really
stepped up your game.
What'd you expect
from Gong?
Gong said he
wouldn't go easy on you.
And I'm glad
you didn't.
Because if I'm
gonna go pro,
I need to be pushed
beyond my limits.
I need to learn to
stretch my imagination,
believe in myself,
and my deck.
My monsters ready
to swing into action!
Hip hop to it
Performapal Hip Hippo.
(Sora)
I hope he's not planning
to run away on that thing.
I wish you could
stick around
and hang with us for
a while my pink pal,
but it's time for
me to turn up the heat.
I tribute Performapal
Hip Hippo.
That lets me summon
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Alright.
The odds are in
Yuya's favor now.
I don't know about that,
Odd‐Eyes' attack points
aren't powerful enough to
get past Susanowo's defenses.
There's got to be some
way he can beat Gong.
(Yuya)
He won't expect this.
I'm activating my Performapal
Lizardraw's Pendulum ability.
And that means I
get to draw one card
by returning Lizardraw
to my deck.
Get ready Gong,
'cause it's showtime.
I draw!
Alright then.
I use Performapal Trump Witch
to set the Pendulum Scale.
Who cares?
Even if you set
the Pendulum Scale again,
you're not allowed to Pendulum
Summon this turn anymore.
I wasn't planning
to Pendulum Summon.
I needed Trump Witch's
Pendulum ability.
She lets me Fusion
Summon a monster
to my field without
using Polymerization.
Say what?
He figured out a
way to Fusion Summon.
Without
Polymerization.
I'm fusing Stargazer Magician
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon.
This is it!
With the earth shattering
power of this monster,
victory's
in my sights.
I Fusion Summon
Rune‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Boy, howdy, when did
Yuya get that upgrade?!
Alright,
Yuya did it!
Yuya should call that twist
ending a Confusion Summon.
(giggling)
I hope he didn't learn to
do that from another school!
I hate to admit it but
Yuya certainly knows
how to keep
the surprises coming.
(Zuzu)
Nice job, Yuya.
Time for this
star to shine.
Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
get set to strike.
I activate Performapal
Camelump's Pendulum ability:
it takes 800 defense points
away from Susanowo
and lets Rune‐Eyes deal
damage even if Susanowo's
in defense mode.
Rune‐Eyes, attack
with Spiral Skyshot!
Even though you took Susanowo
down to 3000 defense points,
you can't destroy it 'cause
Rune‐Eyes's attack points
aren't high enough!
You sure about that?
Huh?
When I Fusion Summon
with a Spellcaster,
Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
can attack multiple times.
Since Stargazer
was Level 5,
my Rune‐Eyes is allowed to
attack you three times in a row.
So get set for
a triple trouncing!
Each time it attacks,
Camelump's special ability
lowers Susanowo's
defense points by 800.
(both)
Alright!
Okay, Rune‐Eyes,
attack again!
Spiral Skyshot!
Gong's givin'
up 500 life points
so Susanowo's special ability
can activate the Action Spell...
Evasion‐‐
That's in your graveyard!
Your attack
struck out.
(Yuya)
I'm not through.
Camelump's special ability takes
away 800 more defense points.
Aw, shucks.
The third time's
the charm, Rune‐Eyes.
Spiral Skyshot!
Mashed potatoes!
Hooray!
Susanowo's history!
Das is wonduhbah.
Big deal!
Gong's sendin' Superheavy
Samurai Soulbeads
to the graveyard to
activate its special ability,
so it summons Susanowo
back in attack mode.
That's the way
to go, Gong‐baby.
There's no way Yuya
can stop you.
I feel so bad for Yuya.
He went to all that trouble
to take out Gong's monster
and then Gong just
brought it back.
Yuya's only got
450 life points left.
This turn's his last
chance to win.
How Yuya can win is
a real head scratcher.
We can't stand still
any longer.
We have to let him know
we're rooting for him.
But we can't‐‐
(Yoko)
Don't worry,
he'll be fine.
Yuya can handle
this on his own.
He's not going to get stage
fright because we're not there.
He's in the spotlight, and he's
going to nail this performance.
You know what
you are to me, Gong?
You're like a giant wall
that's blocking my way.
I have to dig deep inside if I'm
going to get through you to win.
(Yuya)
And I have just
the card I need.
Hopefully.
Yuya!
We got your back!
I wonder what plan Yuya's
got up his sleeve?
I don't know, but I
sure hope he pulls through.
It's time...
Time for me to
swing into action!
It's too far!
No, Yuya!
Bingo.
That boy really knows
how to steal the spotlight.
(Yuya)
Alright.
I send the Action Spell Over
Sword to the graveyard
to activate
the trap card Danger Draw.
Right, this
is all or nothing.
I get to draw
one card.
But if the that card I draw
happens to be a monster card,
I take damage equal to
its attack points.
Are you serious?!
(Sora)
If Yuya draws a
monster card
with 450 attack
points or more...
(Tate)
Yuya automatically
loses.
It's amazing how much Yuya's
style reminds me of his father.
Yusho always kept the audience
on the edge of their seat
waiting to see what
was going to happen next.
(Yuya)
This is all or nothing.
I draw.
I did it.
I got just the spell
card I needed.
I activate Big Return!
This spell lets me use
my monster's ability
for a second time.
I activate Trump witch's special
ability to Fusion Summon again.
I'm fusing
Performapal Silver Claw
and Rune‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon.
Oh, no!
I can't believe it.
A second Fusion.
I'm taking Fusion Summoning
to a whole new level.
Merge into one.
Look to the skies
and feast your eyes
on Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(gasping, chuckling)
Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon,
attack Superheavy Samurai
Warlord Susanowo!
Blazing Spiral Storm!
Beast‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon's
special ability activates.
Since I used
Performapal Silver Claw
to Fusion summon Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon, you take damage
equal to Performapal Silver
Claw's attack points.
Silver Claw has
1800 attack points.
Sorry, pal.
This is
the end, Gong!
))(Tate, Frederick, Allie)
Alright, Yuya.
Hey, you're here.
That was awesome.
You're amazing, Yuya.
(Frederick)
You make me want
to dance.
You were watching
all this time?
Sure, we watched
the whole duel
only we couldn't
let you know it.
'Cause Nico didn't
want you to know.
If you're going to follow
in your dad's footsteps,
sometimes you have to be
your own biggest fan.
Guess you're right.
You totally did it!
I'm all fired up!
Yuya the man!
Even I have to admit using
a Pendulum special ability
to Fusion Summon
was a pretty sweet move.
Very sweet, that
move, I mean.
(Yuya)
I get it,
they were all here for me.
I just didn't
know it.
Gong, I...
I'm glad that I
won but... for you,
the Junior Arc League
Championship isn't gonna happen.
Gong ain't
licked yet.
There's still
a week to go.
Gong's still
got a shot.
Gong's happy Gong got to
battle without holdin' back.
Next time things'll
be different.
That's a promise, pal.
(crying)
Friendship is such
a beautiful thing!
It's so amazing!
Okay, that's
enough, Dad!
My son, you are a wonderful
and special person,
even if you
are a loser.
(Nico Smiley)
Well done, Yuya.
You've proven to be an
exceptional duelist
once again,
as I expected.
You're one step
closer to becoming
a first‐rate professional,
and that's just what
you want and I need.
(Gong)
My friend.
(Claude)
It's confirmed.
Yuya Sakaki has qualified
for the Junior Arc League
Championship.
(Declan)
Good.
Now all the duelists I wanted
to qualify are participating.
Yes, sir.
And regarding the
Leo Institute students,
Julia Krystal, Kit Blade
and Dipper O'Rion...
Were you able to
accomplish what I requested?
Yes.
The procedure we performed
was a complete success.
Those three won't remember who
Shay is or anything that he did.
Good.
Now Shay will be
able to participate
in the championship
with a clean slate.
And we'll find out exactly
what he's capable of.
And the same
with them.
We'll see which
duelists are worthy
to fight for the future
of our world.
♪